You've seen the machine
learning project life cycle.
Let's briefly go over what
you'll learn in the
rest of this course.
Even though I presented
the life cycle going
from left to right,
I found that for learning
these materials,
it will be more efficient for
you to start at the end goal,
and start from deployment,
and then work backwards to
modeling data and then scoping.
In the rest of this week,
starting with the next video,
you'll learn about the
most important ideas
in Deployment.
Next week, in Week 2,
you'll learn about modeling.
You may have learned
about how to train
a machine learning model
from other courses.
In this video, I'll share
some new ideas that you may
not have heard before of
how to systematically use
a data-centric approach
to be more efficient in how you
improve the performance
of your model.
Then in the third,
and final week of this course,
you'll learn about data.
How to define data and
establish a baseline,
and how to label and organize
your data in a way
that is systematic.
Not Ad hoc, not hacking around in
the Jupyter notebook in the hope
that you stumble onto
the right insights,
but in a more systematic way
that helps you be
more efficient in
defining the data that will help
the modeling to help
you get to deployment.
Then finally, in Week 3 we'll
also have an optional
section on scoping.
In which I hope to share with
you some tips I've learned
on how to define effective
machine learning projects.
Throughout this course, you'll
also learn about MLOps,
or machine learning operations.
Which is an emerging discipline
that comprises a set of tools and
principles to support progress
through the machine ML
project life cycle,
but especially these three steps.
For example, at Landing
AI, where I'm CEO,
we used to do a lot of
these steps manually,
which is okay, but slow.
But after building
an MLOps tool called
LandingLens for computer
vision applications,
all these steps
became much quicker.
The key idea in MLOps is
that systematic ways to
think about scoping, data,
modeling, and
deployment, and also
software tools to support
the best practices.
That's it. In this course,
we're going to start
at the end goal,
start from deployment, and
then work our way backwards.
As you already know,
being able to deploy system
is one of the most important,
and valuable skills in
Machine Learning today.
Let's go on to the next video
where we'll dive deep into
the most important ideas
needed to deploy machine
learning systems.
I will see you in the next video.